[DOCS] Creates one pager for outlier detection (#1732)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/ml-dfa-outlier-detection.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[testenv="platinum"]
[[ml-dfa-finding-outliers]]
= Finding outliers

:keywords: {ml-init}, {stack}, {dfanalytics}, {oldetection}
:description: An introduction to {ml} {oldetection}, which enables you to  \
find unusual data points in a data set compared to the normal data points.

> This page contains a conceptual ovierview of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains a conceptual overview of 
```

> <<dfa-outlier-detection,{oldetection}>> in the {stack} and a simple

Reviewer: IMO since it's targeting the next paragraph, this link is unnecessary
```suggestion
{oldetection} in the {stack} and a simple
```

<<ecommerce-outliers,example>> of how to use it.

[discrete]
[[dfa-outlier-detection]]
== {oldetection-cap}

{oldetection-cap} is an analysis for identifying data points (outliers) whose 
feature values are different from those of the normal data points in a 
particular data set. Outliers may denote errors or unusual behavior.

> We use unsupervised {oldetection} which means there is no need to provide a 

Reviewer: I think in this case it's best to be clear about who/what "we" is:
```suggestion
The {ml-features} provide unsupervised {oldetection}, which means there is no need to provide a 
```

> training data set to teach {oldetection} to recognize outliers. Unsupervised 

Reviewer: Minor suggestion, but I think the end of this sentence is unnecessary.
```suggestion
training data set. Unsupervised 
```
